DOCS-9646 add files to be edited. (#342)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/edits/index.adoc

> = Anypoint Runtime Fabric Overview

Reviewer: Just so you know, I am personally opposed to "overview" and "about" as topic titles, because they are vague.
When I skim what I see below, I see this instead:

=Anypoint Runtime Fabric Capabilities (or Features, or Benefits, or Advantages, or...)
=Anypoint Runtime Fabric Management Options and Feature Support
=Anypoint Runtime Fabric Resource Management

Something to consider. I will leave this here with you and copyedit the existing structure.

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Anypoint Runtime Fabric is a container service that allows you to run Mule applications, composite APIs and API gateways across any environment with centralized management via Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: enables, comma
```suggestion
Anypoint Runtime Fabric is a container service that enables you to run Mule applications, composite APIs, and API gateways across any environment and to manage them all by using Anypoint Platform.
```

> Some of the capabilities of Anypoint Runtime Fabric include:

Reviewer: So, although these are capabilities or features of the product, what the audience wants to hear is what IT can DO with it:
```suggestion
Using Anypoint Runtime Fabric enables you to:
```
Adopting this suggest change requires tweaking the wording of the list items, as indicated next.

> * Isolation between applications by running a separate Mule runtime server per application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Isolate applications by running one Mule runtime engine (Mule) server per application.
```
Do we need to follow this with a linespace and sentence that explains the user advantage of this isolation feature?

> * Ability to run multiple versions of Mule runtime server on the same set of resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run multiple versions of Mule runtime server on the same set of resources.
```
Mention the advantage, if not obvious (more efficient? avoid overhead and errors?)

> * Scaling applications across multiple replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Scale applications across multiple replicas.
```
ditto

> * Automated application fail-over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Automate application failover.
```
ditto

> * Application management with Anypoint Runtime Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manage applications Anypoint Runtime Manager.
```
ditto

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: This doesn't need to be a notice; it naturally belongs in the narrative flow, although it might be better placed at Line  6 or 7.

Contact your Customer Success Manager for information on how enable Anypoint Runtime Fabric on your account.

> There are two management options for Anypoint Runtime Fabric:

Reviewer: Per SF, avoid beginning sentences with "There is" or "There are."
```suggestion
Anypoint Runtime Fabric includes two management options:
```
You could add something more, such as "...options, enabling you to further customize your deployment" or something similar.

> 

Reviewer: Because we do not use boldface to provide narrative headings (or for list items), I suggest reformatting these as simple bullet list items, including the linespace between list item and description.
Another alternative is to make these subtopics and add more content specific to each.

> * *Runtime Fabric on Self-Managed Kubernetes*: a version of Runtime Fabric that you install on an existing Kubernetes environment that you operate and manage. This version supports Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) and Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS).

Reviewer: Example reformat; apply to both:
```suggestion
* Anypoint Runtime Fabric on Self-Managed Kubernetes
+
Install this version of Runtime Fabric to manage your existing Kubernetes environment, either Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) or Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS).
```

> * *Runtime Fabric on VMs / Bare Metal*: a version of Runtime Fabric where MuleSoft provides required software infrastructure components, including Docker and Kubernetes. You install this version on virtual machines that you operate and manage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Runtime Fabric on VMs / Bare Metal
+
This version of Runtime Fabric where MuleSoft provides required software infrastructure components, including Docker and Kubernetes. Install this version to manage your virtual machines.
```

Each of these options has its own system requirements and installation procedures. See xref:index-self-managed.adoc[Runtime Fabric on Self-Managed Kubernetes] and xref:index-vm-bare-metal.adoc[Anypoint Runtime Fabric on VMs / Bare Metal] for more information on each option.

> 

Reviewer: GLOBALLY replace "information on" with "information about," per SR.

Reviewer: Something is missing here: a text introduction to this table.
I can imagine a couple of options here:

* Overtly introduce the table in light of the previous list.
* Move each persona information into one of the bullet list items (or subtopics) above.
* Have a separate Level-1 topic about Anypoint Runtime Fabric Management Personas

Again, leaving this here and simply copyediting the existing narrative.

Reviewer: We do not provide titles or labels or similar to our display elements (such as tables and graphics).
Instead, we use a narrative intro text that ends with a colon.

[%header,cols="3*a"]
.Personas required to install and support Anypoint Runtime Fabric
|===

> | Runtime Fabric Option | IT Administrator | MuleSoft Organization Administrator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Runtime Fabric Management Option | IT Administrator | MuleSoft Organization Administrator
```

> | Self-Managed Kubernetes | Requires an IT administrator to create and configure a Kubernetes cluster on AKS or EKS. This persona is also responsible for installing Runtime Fabric and managing Kubernetes. | Creates Runtime Fabrics, deploys projects, and performs other tasks within Anypoint Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Self-Managed Kubernetes | Creates and configures a Kubernetes cluster on AKS or EKS. Responsible for installing Runtime Fabric and managing Kubernetes. | Creates Runtime Fabric instances, deploys projects, and performs other tasks within Anypoint Platform.
```

> | VMs / Bare Metal | Creates and configures the infrstructure that runs Runtime Fabric. This persona is also responsible for installing Runtime Fabric and maintaining the undrelying infrastructure during its operation. | Creates Runtime Fabrics, deploys projects, and performs other tasks within Anypoint Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| VMs / Bare Metal | Creates and configures the infrastructure that runs Runtime Fabric. Responsible for installing Runtime Fabric and maintaining the underlying infrastructure during its operation. | Creates Runtime Fabric instances, deploys projects, and performs other tasks within Anypoint Platform.
```

|===

== Feature Support Matrix for Runtime Fabric on Self-Managed Kubernetes and Runtime Fabric on VMs / Bare Metal

[%header,cols="3*a"]
.Supported features for Runtime Fabric on Self-Managed Kubernetes and Runtime Fabric on VMs / Bare Metal
|===

> | | Runtime Fabric on Self-Managed Kubernetes | Runtime Fabric on VMs / Bare Metal

Reviewer: missing column head:
```suggestion
| | Feature Supported | Runtime Fabric on Self-Managed Kubernetes | Runtime Fabric on VMs / Bare Metal
```

> | Support for deploying Mules and API Gateways | Supported | Supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Deployment of Mule instances and API gateways | Supported | Supported
```

> | Kubernetes and Docker | Not included. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Kubernetes and Docker | Not included +
```

You must provide your instances of Kubernetes and Docker via EKS or AKS clusters. | Included

> | Installing on any Linux distribution | Supported | Support for RHEL and CentOS only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Installation on any Linux distribution | Supported | Supported for RHEL and CentOS only
```

| Node auto-scaling | Supported using AWS or Azure functionality | Not supported

> | External log forwarding | You must provide an external log forwarding service | Included

Reviewer: Parallelism
```suggestion
| External log forwarding | Supported when you provide an external log-forwarding service | Included
```

> | Internal load balancer | You must provide an internal load balancer (Ingress Controller) | Included

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Internal load balancer | Supported when you provide an internal load balancer (Ingress controller) | Included
```

> | Anypoint Security Edge | Not supported | Supported

Reviewer: Per term list
```suggestion
| Anypoint Security's edge | Not supported | Supported
```

> | Ops Center | Not Included +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ops Center | Not included +
```

> You can enable monitoring and alerting in AWS or Azure | Included

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable monitoring and alerting in AWS or Azure. | Included
```

Reviewer: BREAK here to avoid GitHub stall

Reviewer: RESUME

|===

> == Anypoint Runtime Fabric and Standalone Mule Runtimes (Hybrid Deployments)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Anypoint Runtime Fabric and Standalone Mule Runtime Instances 
```
Move "Hybrid Deployments" into the text immediately following this title, or retitle this to use that term and define it in the next text. The title should be specific, but we also have the benefit of its relationship with the intro text to clarify concepts that require more words than we might want in a title.

Reviewer: It seems to me that the focus of this topic is that ARTF provisions resources differently than in a typical hybrid deployment, so it is a little backward to start by defining the typical deployment.

(In fact, perhaps this topic should be retitled to Resource Provisioning in Anypoint Runtime Fabric.)

I suggest beginning, then, with the "punchline": 

"Anypoint Runtime Fabric provisions resources differently than does a typical Mule hybrid deployment" and THEN do one of the following:

- Describe hybrid in full, as done here, and then ARTF, as done here.
- Describe ARTF provisioning, comparing it point by point with typical hybrid.

 A conceptual graphic comparing the two would be SWELL! I found some graphics here:

https://www.google.com/search?q=what+is+a+hybrid+deployment+in+mule&oq=&aqs=chrome.0.69i59i450.88416j1j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

Reviewer: That said, copyedits of existing treatment follow:

> Hybrid deployments of Mule applications require you to install a version of the Mule runtime on a server and deploy one or more applications on the server. Each application shares the Mule runtime server and the resources allocated to it. Other resources such as certificates or database connections may also be shared using domains.

Reviewer: Will your audience already understand what you mean by a "hybrid deployment"? The text in this paragraph does not make obvious to me what elements from typically different sources are combined here to make this "hybrid." Is it the use of domains that makes this hybrid? Or is it the applications sharing one server?
Clarify if you think your audience needs it.

Reviewer: Is this what we mean?
```suggestion
In a hybrid deployment, you run one version of Mule runtime engine (Mule) on a server and deploy one or more applications to that server. The applications share the server and its resources. Additional resources (such as certificates or database connections) can be made available to the applications by using domains.
```
explain about domains?

> Anypoint Runtime Fabric provisions resources differently. Each Mule application and API gateway runs within its own Mule runtime and in its own container. The resources available to the container are specified when deploying a Mule application or API proxy. This enables Mule applications to horizontally scale across nodes without relying on other dependencies. It also ensures that different applications do not compete with each other for resources on the same node.

Reviewer: parallelism, continuity
```suggestion
In an Anypoint Runtime Fabric deployment, however, you configure each application and API gateway to run independently, within its own Mule instance and container. This enables Mule applications to scale horizontally across nodes, without competing with other applications for resources.
```

== See Also

> * xref:index-self-managed.adoc[Runtime Fabric on Self-Managed Kubernetes]

Reviewer: Take a look at peer titles and see if they are consistent in using either the full product name or the abbreviation; try to standardize.
